Rename Indexer client to Generator client throughout documentation (#253)
shinzonetwork/docs: content/introduction/core-concepts/index.md

### The problem it solves

> With a centralized generator, you trust the provider because you have no other option. You can't verify[^1] the data you got matches what's actually on chain. In Shinzo, Generators cryptographically sign every document they produce, so there's a verifiable record of who said what. But a single signature only goes so far. You still need to know whether multiple independent Generators saw the same thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a centralized Indexer, you trust the provider because you have no other option. You can't verify[^1] the data you got matches what's actually on chain. In Shinzo, Generators cryptographically sign every document they produce, so there's a verifiable record of who said what. But a single signature only goes so far. You still need to know whether multiple independent Generators saw the same thing.
```

Attestation answers that question.

### How it works

> When a Host receives a document from an Generator, it checks the signature and creates (or updates) an attestation record for that document. The record tracks which Generators signed off and maintains a running vote count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Host client receives a document from an Generator client, it checks the signature and creates (or updates) an attestation record for that document. The record tracks which Generators client signed off and maintains a running vote count.
```

}
```

> The `vote_count` field is a CRDT P-counter: it only ever increments, and multiple Hosts merging their counts never produce conflicts. If three Generators all sign the same block, the attestation record for that block has a vote count of three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `vote_count` field is a CRDT P-counter: it only ever increments, and multiple Hosts merging their counts never produce conflicts. If three Generator clients all sign the same block, the attestation record for that block has a vote count of three.
```

### What applications do with it

Apps set their own attestation threshold depending on how much they care about correctness versus speed. A wallet showing recent transfers might accept data with a count of one. A DeFi protocol acting on that data might wait for five. The threshold is a query-time filter, not a system-wide setting, so different queries in the same app can use different thresholds.

### Batch signatures

> Rather than signing every document individually, Generators produce a `BatchSignature` per block: a single document committing to a Merkle root that covers every primitive in that block (transactions, logs, access list entries, and the block itself). A Host can then create a single attestation covering the entire block in one step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than signing every document individually, Generator clients produce a `BatchSignature` per block: a single document committing to a Merkle root that covers every primitive in that block (transactions, logs, access list entries, and the block itself). A Host can then create a single attestation covering the entire block in one step.
```

## DefraDB

[DefraDB](https://github.com/sourcenetwork/defradb) is the database embedded in every component of the Shinzo stack. Generators, Hosts, and application clients each run their own instance. It's what makes the network peer-to-peer rather than client-server.

### What it is

DefraDB is an open-source document database built by Source Network. It stores data as content-addressed documents, exposes a GraphQL query interface, handles schema definition, and ships with a libp2p networking layer for replication between nodes. A few properties make it a good fit for Shinzo in particular:

> - Schema enforcement: primitive documents have defined types that Generators write into and Hosts read from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schema enforcement: primitive documents have defined types that Generator clients write into and Hosts read from.
```

- P2P replication: documents gossiped between instances are verified by CID before being accepted.
- DID-based access control: read access to any collection can be gated by a DID, which is how subscription access is enforced.
- CRDT support: conflict-free merge semantics for types like the P-counter in Attestation Records.

### How it connects the network

> When an Generator writes a block to its local DefraDB, DefraDB gossips a digest to subscribed peers over libp2p. Those peers (Hosts) request the full document, verify its CID, and store it locally. No broker is involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an Generator client writes a block to its local DefraDB, DefraDB gossips a digest to subscribed peers over libp2p. Those peers (Hosts) request the full document, verify its CID, and store it locally. No broker is involved.
```
